README.md, before:

# Black Lager
## A Secure Radio Mesh Text Messaging App
Black Lager is a Python application that allows you to send and receive signed or unsigned text messages. The messages are decoded and displayed in a text based interface created with Curses.

## Screen Layout
The screen has 5 areas of scrolling text.

## Top Row
![Top Row](https://github.com/datagod/meshtalk/blob/main/pics/Meshtalk%20messages.jpg?raw=true "Top Row")

The top row has basic information messages from the system, a debug area that shows the currently executing function, and a spot to show incoming messages.


## Decoded Packets
![Decoded Packets](https://github.com/datagod/meshtalk/blob/main/pics/Meshtalk%20packet.jpg?raw=true "Packet values")

Each packet that is intercepted will be displayed here in, decoded.  Some fields such as RAW are not supported yet.  This type of window is using a wrap around function to display the new lines.


## Extended Info
![Just the Keys](https://github.com/datagod/meshtalk/blob/main/pics/Meshtalk%20extended%20info.jpg?raw=true "Extended Info")

This is a curses text pad that scrolls upwards as new lines are entered.  In this example I am displaying the connected nodes in the mesh.


## Help
![Help is here!](https://github.com/datagod/meshtalk/blob/main/pics/Meshtalk%20help%20window%20send%20message.jpg?raw=true "Help")

This is a curses text pad that scrolls upwards as new lines are entered.  In this example I am displaying the connected nodes in the mesh.

## Send Messages
As per the help instructions, press S to send a message.  Press control+g when finished.

## Viewing Messages
![Messages](https://github.com/datagod/meshtalk/blob/main/pics/Meshtalk%20help%20window%20send%20message%202.jpg?raw=true "Messages")

As messages are sent or received, they are displayed in the Messages text box.  


# Installation
TODO

# Connect to device
Connect your computer to a radio device flashed with the Black Lager firmware via USB cable.
For more information on hardware and firmware, see: https://github.com/black-lager/firmware



# Usage
To receive packets and decode them in a fancy text based display, use the following command:

![Run](https://github.com/datagod/meshtalk/blob/main/pics/MeshtalkHowToRun.jpg?raw=true "How to run")

Commit message:

Add build and run instructions to README

README.md, after:

# Black Lager
## A Secure Radio Mesh Text Messaging App
Black Lager is a Python application that allows you to send and receive signed or unsigned text messages. The messages are decoded and displayed in a text based interface created with Curses.

## Supported hardware
* LILYGO Lora v2.1-1.6
* LILYGO T-Beam

Note: Other models listed at https://meshtastic.org/docs/supported-hardware may also work, but they have not been tested with the Black Lager firmware or application

## Connect to device
Connect your computer to a radio device flashed with the Black Lager firmware via USB cable.
For more information on hardware and firmware, see: https://github.com/black-lager/firmware

## Installation
### Black Lager Python library
`git clone git@github.com:meshtastic/python.git` then
`pip3 install ./python`

### Client dependencies
`pip3 install -r requirements.txt`

## Running the app
`python3 black_lager.py`

## Commands
![Help is here!](https://github.com/datagod/meshtalk/blob/main/pics/Meshtalk%20help%20window%20send%20message.jpg?raw=true "Help")

## Screen Layout
The screen has 5 areas of scrolling text.

## Top Row
![Top Row](https://github.com/datagod/meshtalk/blob/main/pics/Meshtalk%20messages.jpg?raw=true "Top Row")

The top row has basic information messages from the system, a debug area that shows the currently executing function, and a spot to show incoming messages.


## Decoded Packets
![Decoded Packets](https://github.com/datagod/meshtalk/blob/main/pics/Meshtalk%20packet.jpg?raw=true "Packet values")

Each packet that is intercepted will be displayed here in, decoded.  Some fields such as RAW are not supported yet.  This type of window is using a wrap around function to display the new lines.


## Extended Info
![Just the Keys](https://github.com/datagod/meshtalk/blob/main/pics/Meshtalk%20extended%20info.jpg?raw=true "Extended Info")

This is a curses text pad that scrolls upwards as new lines are entered.  In this example I am displaying the connected nodes in the mesh.

This is a curses text pad that scrolls upwards as new lines are entered.  In this example I am displaying the connected nodes in the mesh.

## Send Messages
Press S to send a signed message or U to send an unsigned message.  Press control+g when you are finished typing the message.

## Viewing Messages
![Messages](https://github.com/datagod/meshtalk/blob/main/pics/Meshtalk%20help%20window%20send%20message%202.jpg?raw=true "Messages")

As both signed and unsigned messages are sent or received, they are displayed in the Messages text box.
